Let's start by having a closer look at string interpellation here and you serve a component.
I don't want your output this year in the age molecule like this I don't want to hard code the output
here.
It would be realistic that our server component contains information about a specific server.
So maybe here in the template file we want to output server with ID and then some dynamic IDs your is
and under a status like off line.
So we have two dynamic fields here.
Now what makes sense to kind of derive them and typescript code in a real app that might be derived
from HGP request to make to some back end or some calculation.
For now it will hardcoded in here.
So we might have a server ID and I will assign a value of let's say 10.
So a number and I would also have a server at stators which is a string of line so two different types
of string and a number.
And though not necessary you could also be very explicit by assigning the type with type scripts feature
of adding a colon after the property name and then the type it will end for it automatically.
Those are does not required I'm just doing this here for demo purposes.
So now when you output these two properties in my template and to get this connection we need data data
mining because you learned it's all about the communication between your types would code and the template.
So stringin tribulations typically use case your typical solution for this task here instead of the
placeholder.
I use my double curly braces opening and closing does this the string interpellation syntax and in-between
these double curly braces you can now write typescript expression.
So the easiest expression is to simply reference a property like the server ID and this is the common
use case that you only output property here or the value of the property.
However it's not the only use case.
You could also for example year for server simply hard code a string in there any expression which can
be resolved to a string in the end.
That's the only condition for a string of depletions syntax here.
So whatever you have between the braces in the end it somehow has to return a string.
So you could call a method here which returns a string in the end the only ever restrictiveness you
can write multi-line expressions here.
You can't write block expressions in here so you can't add a if or for control structure in your.
You could use a ternary expression though.
So this is what you can do.
Now let's also replace the last placeholder and here I will again just reference a property the server
status.
Now this is string interpellation in you search and you'll see that we have an expression which is a
string itself.
And then two Abrego oppressions which simply point to properties.
And again you could also call a method here which returns a string.
Now interesting.
The server ID is not a string but a number.
And I just said that string of jubilation has to resolve to a string and the end has to get a string
in the end.
So let's see if this works if we save this with end the still running.
Let's also change observer back to observers to make this work again.
We see server with ID 10 is offline we see it twice because we repeat this component in each component
of course has the same content but we see that stringin tribulation is working and that it especially
is also a working year for our number.
So I did 10 data is not an issue that is working fine because a number can be easily converted into
a string.
So yes you have to get a string in the end or something which can be converted to a string to really
be correct here.
This is how you can use string underpopulation.
And now to really complete the example let's say the server status here is somehow returned in a Meffert
get server status could be the method name.
This is how you define a method in typescript.
So you might know kind of Matha definition from our language.
And here we simply return this server status.
So we return the property or we could of course have accessed as directly as we already did but just
demonstrate that you can call a method.
Here I am calling a method get service status of course leads to the same output because again all this
math does is it returns as a string in the end or something which can't be converted to a string that
is string interpellation in action.